What data would you like to collect? Financial statements. Although there's a fairly vast list, I want to focus on collecting data on 3 specific ones: balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements. To analyze the company's health, we want to collect these 3 financial statements for at least the last five years to understand the company's financials better and fully and tailor recommendations for them.
Why do you want that data? These three financial statements specifically help provide for a corporation's overall financial health. Specifically, through balance sheets over the last five years, we can understand important information such as the company's liquidity through the current ratio, and if less than one can recommend the company to focus more on its finances so that it can have fewer liabilities than assets. Income statements can help us understand the measures of net income over the last 5 financial periods and if we see a declining net income we can suggest ways for a company to reduce expenses and maximize revenues. Lastly, a statement of cash flows can help us find out where all the cash is being redirected and help us understand the root cause for the lack of liquidity for a company.
How do you intend to obtain that data? This data can be accumulated through previously audited financial statements for a certain company that we analyze, and we can use the yahoo finance API to do so.
Pick a dataset issue you would be interested in or more than one. (There are a few issues already created that I expect we need, but if you come up with more, they will be added) Finding a data set of financial statements and scraping data manually from https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/securities-exchange-commission/financial-statement-extracts

